We'll figure out, you know, we'll go out, we'll get some footage of the churches, and we'll, um, we'll edit back and forth between these two cameras.
I'll get my other camera. Where is it?
Um, oh, yeah, I see it. I'll just get that one and we can...
I just think that, you know, these ideas are getting stale. I mean, I just, it's like my brain isn't coming up with the spontaneity that is required for, you know, like...
Ah, wait, Nick, I'm getting a call here from Nick. Maybe he'll help me out here, because either I'm tired or I'm just out of ideas.
Hey, Nick.
Hi.
Wait, I can't see. Are you going to go on video? Because I just see my... Oh.
I am on video.
Holy shit. What are you doing?
I'm... I'm going to make a video.
What are you doing?
You're going to make a video?
Now?
Yeah. In a hot dog suit.
That...
Wait.
Is that what you're wearing? A hot dog suit?
Yeah, it's my hot dog suit. And I'm wearing it.
You know what? I don't like the sound of your... What are you drinking? What is that?
I'm drinking.
Did you drink that whole bottle?
I haven't slept. I've been wearing my hot dog suit. I can't sleep.
Well, I'm wearing my hot dog suit because my head gets hot.
Wait a minute. I really don't think you should make a video when you're in this kind of mood.
You're not running out of ideas. Look, you don't have to resort to this kind of behavior.
I can get my banana suit.
No, that...
No, no, no, because Onision wore a banana suit and everybody's going to call you a copycat. This is dangerous.
No, you can't just wear a hot dog suit and make a video for no reason.
People are not going to understand. People are going to unsubscribe. People are going to want to start, Nick. Nick, you can't...
I'm not a copycat. I'm a copy dog.
No. No, Nick, please don't do this. You've got to talk him out of this. I can't seem to...
I'm a copy dog. I'm a copy dog. I'm hot. I'm going to make a video.
What have you taken apart from just the alcohol this evening?
I ate a hot dog and relish.
And that's all you've eaten. No wonder he's making them sad with a hot dog.
Oh, my God. Do you have any antacids in the house? Because this is not...
No, I only have more scotch.
Look, okay, are you... Have you already made a video in the costume? Have you actually made the video?
I made one video and I'm making another video right now.
Now, have you rendered it?
I... I'm trying to say it's not...
No, no, no, just...
Have you rendered it?
Yes.
Okay, now...
No, I'll load it.
No, no, no, no. Wait, wait, wait. Hold on, hold on. Hold on. What I need you to do is just put the bottle aside and go to the start menu.
You put your bottle aside. You're not...
No, no, no. It's about you, Nick. We're trying to help you.
Do you see the start menu at the bottom of your computer?
I have a Mac, God damn it.
Now...
How can you be so sensitive like that? Don't you know that he has a Mac?
God, I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
Alright, what I need you to do is safely turn off your computer in whatever fashion the Mac allows you to do so.
Why would I turn off my computer? The computer is all I have left. All I have left is the computer...
If he turns off his computer, he's going to lose all contact with the outside world. That's just...
Yeah, no, no. Okay, um...
Wait, keep him talking.
Just listen to the sound of my voice and do everything that I tell you to do.
When did all this start, Nick?
Okay.
God, he's really gone. Shit.
We've got to call somebody.
Yeah, who are you going to call? Ghostbusters? I mean, what are we going to do?
That's a good point.
I mean, what is it...
We can't just let him upload it.
Because, I mean, you know, it's like there's no hotline or anything that can do anything about this.
I mean, the police wouldn't come. They wouldn't understand the implications and the dangers of posting a video like that.
They wouldn't understand that it's dangerous.
We don't want to alarm him. I mean, he's on Skype. He can hear everything we're saying. Shit.
Hey, Nick, you doing all right? Yeah? You doing all right? Hey?
Nick? Can you hear us?
Yeah.
Why are you talking to me? I'm just a hot dog.
No.
No one even likes hot dogs.
The Oreo and the hamburger have surpassed the hot dog.
I like vegetarian hot dogs.
American culinary preferences reason Gallup polls have shown.
He's got us on that one.
Yeah, that's true. I don't really know how to respond to that.
I'll be right back. Stay there. Stay there.
You know, he needs to see this. I mean, if we get a specialist involved, then they need to see him when he's in one of these movies.
All right. Well, okay. So we've got to document this.
Yeah. Okay. So, okay.
You all right, Nick? Now, I'm not going to film this and show it to anybody. I'm not making another video.
This is just, you know, just pretend it's not here.
I am uploading a video.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
People need to know.
Okay.
I can't live in the closet anymore.
No, no, no, wait, wait. Don't press that button.
My mom don't see it.
No. No. No.
No, no, no, no.
Maybe take it off because you've been wearing that thing for five days now.
It's still clean.
After five days?
I feel like I'm dirty.
Okay.
Have you taken a shower with that on?
Yeah.
Only with mustard.
So you've been bathing in mustard. Have you bathed in any other type of condiment?
No.
Perhaps you should try water?
I bathed in relish.
Okay. Now, um, I would assume that some of this food matter is decomposing under your suit right now.
I would advise you to very slowly remove the suit, run the water in the tub, and step in the tub.
I can't remove the suit. The mustard's dry.
Okay. Um, what do you suggest?
I'm going to take the suit off, even though the mustard's dry. You're going to see where my life ends.
No. Oh.
I think it's actually good that he's taking it off.
I know that he hasn't felt fine, but you know what?
Yeah, just let him do it. Just let him do it.
I know.
Okay. He's taking it off.
Nobody can see this.
Very good. We're proud of you.
Yes.
That's good.
That's really good, Nick.
That's really good.
It is.
Don't worry about that right now.
That's okay. We'll watch that later.
What you need to do is to take a shower. In water. In clean, running water.
And then call us back as soon as you've done that. We have to stop him uploading that video.
Yeah. No, no, no. Just don't even say it.
All right. Good idea.